= LaunchTracks

LaunchTracks uses launchd and the Tracks Rack server to start your Ruby web
apps on demand.

== Install

  gem install launch_tracks

== Usage

  cd /path/to/myapp

Edit your gemfile to add 

  gem "launch_tracks"

then run

  bundle install

and one-time setup

  launch_tracks setup 4000

Your app will automatically start once you visit http://localhost:4000/ and
shutdown after 10 minutes idle.

The output from stdout and stderr will be available at /tmp/myapp-out.txt and /tmp/myapp-err.txt respectively.

To restart your app <tt>touch restart.txt</tt> in your app's base directory.

=== Commands

[setup]   Creates a launchd plist for your app in ~/Library/LaunchAgents, and
          loads it, making your app available for on-demand startup. Requires a
          port number for your app to run on as an argument.
          Example: <tt>launch_tracks setup 4000</tt>

[load]    Loads your app's launchd plist from ~/Library/LaunchAgents, making
          your app available for on-demand startup.

[unload]  Unloads your app's launchd plist from ~/Library/LaunchAgents,
          disabling on-demand startup.

[restart] Restart your app. The same can be achieved with
          <tt>touch restart.txt</tt> in your app's base directory.

[rm]      Unload and remove your app's plist from ~/Library/LaunchAgents,
          permanently disabling it.

== Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Sadler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
